so we came to the hospital they ran the
test
and i mean they were swift man you know
we got to get you into surgery
your
main
like main artery or something it's
clogged up
the left artery that supplies what your
left side of the heart has been 100
it was 100 yes
this will be a transparent video that
everybody been waiting 14 years for 1994
to 2001 i got out i got into
becoming a personal trainer
and the stripper did well with that but
i became a recidivist went back to
prison four times that's when my
curiosity of stats pads with pets roids
whatever you want to call them
came into play you know coming from
prison i talk down all bodybuilders and
people that use roids and all that like
everybody else is probably watching you
know i was one of those guys that's why
i understand you guys oh them what dudes
man i got videos you go back to my first
videos i'm at diego's gym talking crap
lifting a hundred pound dumbbell behind
my head tricep extension little
bodybuilders on royce can't do this
[Music]
i seen a video of jay cutler ronnie
coleman flex willer they had all these
cars and houses man and i'm like it's
money like that in bodybuilding shoot
maybe i should sign up i know i was too
old for football or professional sports
so i was like let me try that then doing
research on roids and all that found a
few people
that can hook me up so i started testing
the waters i had uh bought all the books
i had googled every every day i used to
google eight hours a day i was about 36
years old at that point i knew it wasn't
a lot of money in bodybuilding so i was
like nah it ain't worth it let me just
focus on my youtube and social media at
that point i was like i don't need to be
on all this stuff if you go ahead and
start taking testosterone right now
your body's natural production is going
to shut down because you're receiving it
synthetically you receive synthetic
testosterone your body's like hey i
don't need to [ __ ] produce test
anymore that's where the testicular
atrophy comes from shrinking of the
testicles because they're no longer
necessary because you're injecting
synthetic tests into your body and they
shut down now you have a lot of
testosterone in the body and you're
getting bigger you're getting faster
it's like you're going through puberty
again but synthetically you're [ __ ]
jacked you're dead your dick's always
hard the [ __ ] wind blows you're like
hey what's up dude
great i loved it there's no feeling
out there
like taking 1500 migs of tests 600 migs
of [ __ ] trend
100 makes an anna draw a day 10 ius of
growth a day [ __ ]
stiff dick in it
it's wild it is
what i mean
i love it it's a superman drug i'm into
them that's where my personality means
i feel alive
alive what happens when you stop taking
testosterone
your testicles just don't magically say
hey i'm going to turn back on
then now we have a [ __ ] problem
now you don't produce testosterone your
your your your dick doesn't work the
same and then on top of that you're
going to go into slight depression
because now your hormones are a mess
i recently quit taking high amounts of
steroids i'm on trt i go to the doctors
i had really good people in my life like
dr prisk when i tore my tricep telling
me to cut the [ __ ] [ __ ] the past year
and a half has been mentally
brutal on me
because it's
going through
changes of identity
because for 20 almost 20 years
been geared out [ __ ] sauced and stiff
dick in the [ __ ] day and i think some
people get stuck in that mentality
because this is all they have
and and that and that's tough now on the
other side
my mentality for life has changed
because i can't do that because it will
[ __ ] kill me
it will we all have to move on in life
at some point because if we just
continue to get stuck in our ways of
this lifestyle it will [ __ ] kill you
it's not a joke
i eat
50 vegan i eat one red meat meal a week
because i don't want to be in the news
for that
they ain't coming back
you guys ain't coming back so i got on a
trt which for me was like one uh cc of
testosterone uh every 10 days
and so i was able to sustain with that
i decided i wanted to have kids so i
went to ivf clinic did all the tests
saw that my sperm was zero for me i
thought i was always taking a minimal
amount
of uh pads or whatever stairs whatever
you want to call it juice so evidently
not it shut my sperm down completely i
didn't use no steroids for
about a year and a half because once she
got pregnant i was like it's time to
blast off so my girl got pregnant in
2018 i want to say i was a pessimist
with the doctors conspiracy theorists
with hospitals and all that stuff so i
was like oh they just want my money i'm
looking healthy and they jealous they
trying to find something wrong with me
you know they was always telling the
truth i would ignore it and so when we
did the ivf i did the physical same
thing blood pressure high not abnormally
high but high 150 over
90 or 80 something like that and i would
say that oh y'all don't have a big
enough arm thing to put on me yeah
doctors even told me at times my
cholesterol was high i had warning i
always knew there was an issue you a
bodybuilder if you've been on juice
three four five years boy
and because i'll tell you i took pride
in saying i took the less stuff possible
anybody on that juice bro you better go
get checked out bro bro if you ain't
been in this situation all you're doing
is speculating i'm first hand in this
situation where i thought i was doing
everything i was cycling off i get off
the three months that's why everybody
would be he got small because i get off
then i get back big yeah i always
thought i was doing it right evidently i
was and i know y'all ain't because you
want to win a show so you ain't gonna
never get off and guess what your system
is f tall my advice would be stay fit
just get your diet on point
high repetition stay fit man there's no
money in that stuff and you're risking
your life
we have a distinction in the english
language
that runs really deep
between the things that you are
and things that you have
accomplishments
you have done
as opposed to the person you are the man
that you became
cali muscle was in prison for 11 years
he's told this story again and again and
again
i don't know if he's adding up all the
different jail sentences for a grand
total of 11 years if it was a single 11
years tent some of the details i'm not
clear on and as he tells the story
he exercised rigorously the whole time
he was in prison he built up this
physical and mental discipline that from
his perspective has benefited him
for the rest of his life
what if he'd had a different kind of
notion
of the man he wanted to be
when he got out of prison what if he'd
had 11 years in prison
in which he was instead training himself
to be a writer
he thinks
that lifting weights the doing push-ups
that exercise made him into
the man he is he looks in the mirror and
he thinks this is who i really am is it
or is it a kind of illusion
created
by drug addiction
that could be the whole video
you know this is the most transparent
video i did on this topic or issue i'm
an old man now so i don't give a damn
if you really work hard
to write a book
if you really work hard to become
an author an intellectual a researcher
is that book just something you have
is it just something you own you possess
like an expensive car is it just a
status symbol that you put on your shelf
this book that happens to have your
name on it as an author or
is it the case that when you look in the
mirror
researching that book writing that book
and developing yourself intellectually
in all the ways that are reflected in
the pages that book
that that really did
change the person you are in a way
that's much more meaningful
than
doing an extra 200 push-ups or lifting
an extra 200 pounds bro come on for what
women don't even like my swole up like
that at least not the super bad ones not
the ig models
[Laughter]
they like you just fit trim with a whole
lot of money endure
and nice clothes
nice call
nice part take him to late late night
[Laughter]
this part of the video is interesting
because he's he's trying to put you on
game
he's trying to let you know if you're a
younger man out there making these
sacrifices to have these enormous
muscles that women don't even want you
for your enormous muscles that all that
these women care about
is that you have money that you have an
expensive car that you have jewelry or
that you take them
to an expensive nightclub he's reaching
out to the audience here and saying look
you assume
that these women are going to want you
for your body but actually they're just
going to want you
for your possessions let's be put
they're going to want you for what you
can do for them what you can buy for
them what you can give them
but there's a whole other paradigm here
imagine if cali muscle instead
had spent 11 years in a prison cell
developing himself
as an author developing the life of the
mind instead of the life of the body
he be in a position to say to his
audience now
look
[Laughter]
there are women out there in this world
and they don't want you for your money
and they don't want you for your car
they don't care what car you drive they
don't care if you're flat broke they'll
support you
and they don't care about your muscles
and they don't care about your body and
they don't care if you gain 50 pounds or
you lose 50 pounds there are actually
women in this world who are going to
connect with you and have a meaningful
relationship with you that can last for
the rest of your life
because they read your book
because they read your articles because
they appreciate you
intellectually for who you are
and for the life of the mind that you
can live
together
believe it or not i get people
writing the email asking for advice on
this stuff and i think those people who
are asking me for advice
on some level
they already know and they already fear
what i'm going to tell them there's a
reason why they're writing to me and not
to a thousand health diet exercise gurus
on the internet who will be happy to get
the same email and tell them
what they want to hear these people who
write to me
they remind me in a really weird way
of the students i had in china when i
was a university professor for just one
year teaching english in a university
in china the hardest thing
in the world to do
was to go up to these students
and take away their cellular phone they
had no concept of the life of the mind
doesn't mean they were dumb
some of them were smart some of them
were sharp some of them were
intelligent
in some
inherent sense
they had no idea even
of how to sit
and pay attention and listen to a
lecture and they had no concept of how
to stand up in class
and speak themselves
and contribute they were at that level
of intellectual
disability
and we all know
in the 21st century
they're
the majority
there are people who spend their whole
lives with their heads down over a cell
phone
and the only time they look up
is to look in the mirror
and say who am i
they look in the mirror
they look at the reaction they're
getting whether it's on instagram
via dating app like tinder
and they're not thinking about the
extent to which if they really developed
their minds if they really grew
intellectually
they would see a different person
in the mirror there's something else not
that they would have not that they would
own nothing they would have accomplished
not that they would have merely done
there's another person and there's a
better person that they can be
and that is a person that cali muscle
has never even taken five minutes to
imagine
because he grew up playing sports and he
grew up watching action movies where
there's a guy with this kind of body in
a ripped shirt saving damsel in distress
we all grew up with the same stuff
and we i grew up watching those movies
too we grow up with no idea of what it
means to be an intellectual and whether
we're locked into a prison cell for 11
years or we're locked into a university
campus we go into that isolation you
know we go into that opportunity without
any clear concept of how to develop
ourselves because we live in this
culture
where were not given any positive
example of what it is to lead
the life of the mind
[Music]
maybe we can we can practice